[datadog_cloud_inventory_sync_config] added terraform resource datadog_cloud_inventory_sync_config | STGMON-285 (#3368)
DataDog/terraform-provider-datadog: docs/resources/cloud_inventory_sync_config.md

### Optional

- `aws_account_id` (String) AWS Account ID of the account holding the bucket. Required when cloud_provider is `aws`.
- `azure_client_id` (String) Azure Client ID. Required when cloud_provider is `azure`.
- `azure_container` (String) Azure Container name. Required when cloud_provider is `azure`.
- `azure_resource_group` (String) Azure Resource Group. Required when cloud_provider is `azure`.
- `azure_storage_account` (String) Azure Storage Account name. Required when cloud_provider is `azure`.
- `azure_subscription_id` (String) Azure Subscription ID. Required when cloud_provider is `azure`.
- `azure_tenant_id` (String) Azure Tenant ID. Required when cloud_provider is `azure`.
- `destination_bucket_name` (String) Name of the bucket holding the inventory files. Required when cloud_provider is `aws`.
- `destination_bucket_region` (String) AWS Region of the bucket holding the inventory files. Required when cloud_provider is `aws`.
- `destination_prefix` (String) Name of the prefix holding the inventory files.
- `gcp_destination_bucket_name` (String) Name of the GCP bucket holding the inventory files. Required when cloud_provider is `gcp`.

> - `gcp_project_id` (String) GCP Project ID of the project holding the bucket. Required when cloud_provider is `gcp`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `gcp_project_id` (String) GCP project ID of the project that owns the bucket. Required when cloud_provider is `gcp`.
```
